now I'm not sure which is better whether
it's better picking out baby gifts or
receiving baby gifts especially these
handmade ones by kathe kruse they're
adorable look at this cat oh it's too
having to hold soft soft it is in this
chickeny kind of thing and rattle it's a
really nice rattle son and look again
pick these up chew em of course you're
interested in picking things up and
chewing them right sure yeah and
personally got a mouthful of drool there
are different kind of babies to carry
around here this one's just a little
like a blanket with the little feet and
the round head so they can pick it up
and drag it through the house our
daughter loves to pull those around
here's another this one's more of a
stuffed animal or stuffed doll kind to
the pink and the blue that you can carry
around the house cute put him in a
little over weight garbs around their
necks there this is just well yeah oh
that one is it this one is a ruffle for
a girl now look at these stuffed animal
law blankets soft and again it's the
sleep whip to carry around like a cute
little hats we have the dog and look at
the pink sheep isn't it cute now this is
different and very very like oh boy see
how nice this is to hold isn't it places
the dragon shoo shoo and shoot right
around and for the boy to because they
like to carry things too now we have us
the small little ones than the empty
snuggable huh this untie so you can wash
it but they have a um a ring here that's
whack stays wex oh nice good fatiguing
and good for just totally adorable I
love the squeaky's let's hear him cuz
look at the barely touching gosh where's
he oh he's up yeah hey thank you